Hello, what and all, welcome once again, from Meltdown Comics, the NerdMelt Theater in
Hollywood, California, Harmontown, is now in session.
Please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you, thank you very much.
A little nervous tonight, I don't know why.
It's because that guy's got high standards.
I could feel, I felt his needs when he walked in the door, the Woo guy.
The Woo guy sounds like he's got very few needs.
He's already that entertained.
I'm looking at the other way around.
I think he's acting that way because he feels like he's at a big time, it's time for him
to be really entertained.
Well, why don't you just entertain him?
Why don't you knuckle down and do it?
I will.
Speaking of our lovable fans, I stopped for a drink at the pikes and as Aaron and I were
walking back, we saw this dark, foreboding gang of street thugs, his kids, tufts, you
know?
But then as they emerged through the street lights, more emo tufts.
Oh, it's Harmontown fans, all of them, like five of them, but like, by my perception,
all different combinations, like, so Anatoly was there, Matt Lansman, those are the two
faces I saw, but for my social disorder caused me to just look at the sidewalk.
Anatoly is wearing an Argyle sweater vest.
You thought he was an emo tuft?
I don't know, well, what's an emo tuft?
I don't know what that is.
You just invented it.
It doesn't matter.
It was a bunch of street tufts, a bunch of kids, I saw youthful posture, I saw a confident
gate.
Were they still in the weathered, or could you see that he was wearing a red Argyle
sweater vest?
No, I didn't see the red Argyle sweater.
Okay.
So, then it became clear it was like five Harmontown fans, all walking as like a throng.
They were probably on their way to the pikey, I would guess, right, to get 7-Eleven, okay,
to get five hour energies and blinky key chains or something.
It's cool shit, like stuff that street kids do.
But we walked past them and we were like, oh, Harmontown, Harmonians, that's what they
were.
We walked past them and then, but then something occurred to me, like it made me really laugh
inside, that like, okay, so there's five guys, they're all like Harmontown fans.
They probably met like hanging out here, I'm just going to hazard a guess, or there's probably
groups of friends who did meet by coming to the show.
What if five of them then robbed a bank?
Or killed somebody or something?
Are you worried about how this would reflect on you?
I'm pretty delighted, I don't know, I'm just being like, how fun, how amazing would that
be?
How weird would that be?
Remember after Columbine, when there's all this undue attention on Doom, the video game,
you know, like there's always this ancillary thing, whatever, something happens.
All friends get together in some way, they all have some common connection.
Oh, those, they would be called the Harmontown robberies, because they all met, like,
there would be pictures of them at the show.
I think we can agree that's pretty unlikely, but I would like to plant that seed right
now.
It would be amazing, every group of people who ends up doing something historically horrible
met somewhere.
I think what we should do right now is, look, if the mood strikes any of you, commit a non-violence
but high-profile crime, and wear an all-wear Harmontown hoodies, or do it with a bunch
of people you've met at Harmontown so that's the thread, because then the cops and their
statements, they're gonna see this word Harmontown, they're gonna circle it, they're gonna
release a statement, and it's gonna be like the trench coat mafia, but it'll be like
the Harmontown killers.
No, not killers, robbers, burglars.
But robbers, burglars, whatever.
They're gonna be white-collar, non-violence, like, they're gonna rob from the rich.
Are you worried about, you're worried about liability right now?
I'm worried about being blown up by one of them.
I worry about my own safety if it becomes violent.
Speaking of violent crime, fantastic segue, great job.
We did it.
That's called accidental com-trolling.
I often, you know, Twitter, there's, you know, you have 225,000 followers, you definitely
every day someone says, someone tweets you and says, my baby daughter's getting a heart
transplant or whatever, something heart-breaking and, you know, can you retweet and blah blah
blah, and I kind of, so that I don't do it 24 hours a day, why am I qualifying this?
What the fuck am I doing?
I just like, there's all kinds of stuff like that, but those people like tweet at also
Marc Maron or something like that, and I hope your daughter has a good heart transplant
and all that stuff, but I also, if somebody's a big Harmontown fan, specifically somebody
that I met on tour, this guy's brother tweeted me, and I promised him that I would mention
it.
His Twitter name, the brother, is mngravue, mng, with three Fs, said, Dan Harmon, my
brother, a Armenian you met at your Portland stop, was jumped, beaten and stabbed and nearly
died Wednesday in Seattle.
Thursday in ICU, we watched the new episode, we loved the graceful exits for Troy Barnes
and Pierce Hawthorne.
Would you wish Jeff a get well at Harmontown, you're a hero to us, please, thanks.
So of course, of course, Jeff, goddamn it, get well.
He also said, thank you, Dan, when I responded to him, I said, I hope he's going to get better.
Surgeons broke his sternum to fix his heart, so it would be a long recovery, and then he
included a photo of us, like we met in Portland, not at the sternum.
Yeah, that's what he said, sternum, they broke his sternum to fix his heart, and it was a
link to a picture, and I clicked it very hesitatingly, and I'm like, well, I guess I deserve this.
But it was the photo that we took together, the brothers, and I'm assuming from the hashtag
tough ginger that the kid in question, Jeff, is probably the curly redhead on the right
of the picture, and boy, there's not a lot of people who look like they deserve to be
stabbed, but this kid looks the least like he deserves to be.
We all thought you were going the other way on that one, I would have stabbed this cocksucker.
It's like you're looking for something, like, oh, I can see why he got stabbed, look at
that hat, this kid looks like he's just adorable, he looks like a little angel, so Jeff, if
you're able to be listening to this, our prayers and good vibes are with you here at Harmon
Town.
Tell your doctors to stop breaking your sternum.
No, they had to.
Did they?
They had to fix his fucking heart.
Can you imagine?
Jesus Christ.
Wow.
Maybe they broke his sternum.
Maybe they broke his sternum, and they said that after the fact.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
They're like mechanics.
You're going to make a heart omelette.
You got to break a couple.
Yeah, I don't know, man, your sternum is all in the way of your heart, you should have
brought it in.
More often.
It makes sense because mechanics get away with almost literal murder because none of
us know anything about cars, way less of us know anything about the human body.
So how do you trust these fucking doctors?
Fuck them.
I'm sorry, Jeff, you should trust your doctors in intensive care.
You should trust that they know what they're doing.
All right, so I don't know, there's a couple things I wanted to talk about, but I think
we should bring up our guests first.
Let's do that.
Because maybe we can talk about it with some of them if we're lacking for conversation.
So Allie Ward and Georgia Hartstarch, they're known as Allie and Georgia, commonly, and
I asked them in the last names in the green room.
They're on the Feral Audio Network, would you figure that, Jeff?
Did you know that Feral Audio is a network?
I'd be jiggered if I knew that.
Their podcast is called Slumber Party, and they did have a show on the cooking channel
called Tripping Out, and they're known for making insane cocktails like the McNuggettini.
What?
You can ask them about it if you want.
I'm fucking going to.
Sometimes I just read the blurb that I get too, but here's why they're really coming
out because they're going to start doing their podcast live, and their first live podcast
is at the Hollywood Improv, Wednesday the 29th, and their first guest is Dan Harmon.
That sounds exciting to me.
Is he in town?
Yeah.
So let's bring them up.
Allie and Georgia, come on out.
Sit where you like.
Do what you like.
Sorry, I called one of you Hearthstark before.
I get worse than that.
Nervous tonight.
I don't know why.
It's because of the woo guy.
I don't know.
You said you were nervous before the guy wooed, and I just compounded it.
I think it may be because we didn't do shows in so long.
We went to Scotland, and we came back.
Last week's show, I wasn't a blackout drunk.
I won't listen to it.
I don't.
We talked about gender for three hours.
I'd like to say a quick apology to all listeners that still listen to us after that show, because
that show was...
Allie and Georgia.
Three unqualified lunatics talking about an issue they neither know anything about or
have any fucking stake in the fucking...
Wow.
Nor an issue that is...
I was going to say, you have double vaginas up here if you need to revisit any gender stuff.
Well, we combined it's like maybe one and a half to three.
But you guys said you enjoyed it, and you have vaginas, and we have all of those.
I enjoyed those without vaginas talking about the people with vaginas.
I don't think the lack of vagina was what disqualified us.
It was a lack of intellectual assertion.
We were just...
It was rudderless, meaningless, garbage.
Yeah, I just kind of blunder into that room and just go like, can you believe black men
had the vote before white women?
That's crazy.
Good night.
And then I go home and sleep like a baby, and then all races and all genders are like,
what the fuck?
What?
And we're like, what do you...
What did you mean?
We're making this up, and we misspeak a lot.
You say the wrong thing.
You misquote something.
That's going to happen.
That's fine.
It's going to happen to anybody.
That doesn't bother me.
I didn't...I mean, I never listened to our shows.
I would never listen to that one again, simply from my own sense of well-being.
I listened to almost all of them.
There's some that I...
It has mostly to do with alcohol intake.
I feel like if I get off stage and I'm like, I don't even remember how that show went,
but I don't listen to it.
Yeah, but you can have drunk vodka all day long and come up here and have an incredible
facility.
You can be quite lucid even though I know, because I know you, that you're Steamboat Willie
drunk.
Yeah, but that night seemed to be extra special, like swirly and like...
I think I had been drinking for two days or something.
I don't know.
Let's talk to the ladies.
What?
How'd you get anything different?
Yeah, well, had you read like an...
I had you seen like a blurb about feminism or something?
Like what precipitated it?
Well, no.
Some guy sent us a book.
I remember that vaguely.
I remember that.
Yeah, I remember that it was...
It took a giant shit on him.
That poor guy.
Mine was simply on format.
I didn't even read his stuff.
I'm sure he's great, but his publisher can go second.
I don't know.
No, I have no idea how we got on the topic.
I mean, you listened to it.
I did.
Yeah.
I mean, I just, I learned not to send you a book, which is fine.
I hadn't planned on it anyway.
So, we're good.
We're in the clear.
And yeah, I learned that...
Well, I revisited the thought that machines replace slavery, which is always...
And then, of course, there's us with all of our dumb iPhones that are made essentially
by slaves.
And that's a whole other story.
But whatever.
So...
God, I touched on that slavery.
Can I just open up with Chicken McNuggettini?
Sure.
I would love for you to open up.
Yeah.
Tell me a little bit about this.
Oh, no.
Does that...
Okay.
Well, that's how we monetized our friendship.
Yeah.
Pretty much.
We, like, have this inside joke between the two of us.
We were best friends and we'd go out at late at night and drink and we had hard jobs
and...
Yeah.
We had...
I was actually a writer at the LA Times.
And so, I would be there until the lights turned off and I'd have to call the power
room and be like, can you turn it back on?
And I was a receptionist, so I had to say yes to white men a lot.
Yeah.
I was a white man.
I had to be like, smile.
And that's really hard, you guys.
She would g-chat me and she'd be like, ugh, they asked me to fax something.
I'm right in the middle of, like, the fourth episode of whatever, and she hated it.
And so, we always had this joke where we wanted to go out for a McNuggettini after work because
it would take care of dinner and a drink and dessert, and then we could just go back to
bed and...
Get it out of the way.
And then suffer again in the morning.
And so, we had this joke and I think we posted on each other's MySpace pages at the time.
We had a McNuggettini, and then we're like, what if we actually did this, what would it
taste like?
And it was just this long standing joke between the two of us, and finally we're like, well,
let's do it.
It was like a Pegasus, that you're like, does it exist?
Let's make it.
So, how do you make it?
Well, so then we had our friend Peter Tensio, who's the really funny comedy director, but
he then didn't.
Yeah, he was making things for super deluxe, and they paid him in packets of oatmeal, and
he'd still worked with them, but now he directs Key and Peele, so we managed to get in on the
ground floor there.
And he made a video for us of us making this drink, and it involves, which is like all
manner of horrible, just in every scale.
It's a McDonald's milkshake chocolate, and then you add vanilla vodka to it, and you
shake it lightly, and then you pour it into a martini glass.
That's been rimmed in the McDonald's barbecue sauce, and then you pour it in.
So, no actual McNugget?
No, no.
No, not done yet.
Oh, you put one on the rim.
It's perched on the side as a garnish is a McNuggettini.
So wait, chocolate milkshake, vanilla vodka, no, I'm just barfing.
With a rim of barbecue sauce, and I'm imagining like you would put an olive garnish or an
onion on a Gibson.
Yeah.
A chicken McNuggettini, resting gently across the...
On the rim, so you slice it down the side a little bit.
Yeah.
Oh, I see, like a lemon.
Yeah, a lemon.
So then you drink it, and you have to get through the barbecue sauce, and then when
you're done with it, you swipe the McNuggettini around the rim and eat it.
And it's like, you know, when you dip french fries in like a milkshake, it's like, you
know, have you ever...
It actually sounds so bad.
I've heard of worse foods than that, and there's a hilarious, like, Greg Prupp's
seven pleas, if you have not done this.
Go read, there's a New York Times restaurant review of Guy Fieri's Times Square.
That's amazing.
Times Square.
Have you read this review?
Yeah.
Who had it?
Absolutely, buys 15 machine guns, loads them up, and just blazes that restaurant to pieces
in this review.
It's an absolute assassination of this restaurant.
I love that New York Times even went to Guy Fieri's...
What's it called?
Bros and tits?
Yeah.
Bros and tits and anus is who it is.
Do you know what's weird about it?
Yeah.
It actually kind of made me want to go with it, like, that article made me be like, well,
I got to see this.
Cut your name in?
Like, it sounds like a miniature golf course of food, just like things in rock scales and
confusing.
If on that menu or anywhere, if you'd said it's the chicken McNugget, teeny, and you
said it's a McDonald's chocolate milkshake with vanilla vodka, a barbecue sauce rim
glass, and a slice of chicken McNugget on the rim, that would sell like gross McDonald's
hotcakes.
Well, here's the first one.
So have you sold this in Nessie?
No, we haven't, because we have just a tiny bit of pride left.
So we haven't ever sold it.
But what happened was that this video went viral and we were like, oh, shit, because
we didn't mean to be known for this.
Like, I studied so hard in school, there's so many times where we'll do, like, we'll
be doing something and that Allie will be like, Magna Colana, like, we'll be like,
so, this is your penicillin.
Yeah, this is, yeah, this was my accident, like, this was, this was my moldy dish after
vacation.
It was my, it was like this weird accident, it's like a baby that you're like, let's
not abort it.
And then we just have raised it and who occurred to go to college.
So my parents are stoked that, like, I have a career.
Now, when you both made these, this was a joint, like, collaboration on the, and...
Yeah, so since then, it was like, 2009, we've made a fucking career out of this, we quit
our jobs and like, this is our...
We ended up, it went viral and then the New York Times contacted us and they're like,
we'd like to do a feature story, can you fly out to New York so we can interview you.
And we both collectively lost our shit and then Food Network offered us a contract, so
we would...
Because of that?
Well, here's why, because it sounds just ridiculous enough to be awesome.
Jeff, you're being impolite to our guests.
No, I'm saying, no, I'm sharing their incredulity, right?
I know, but well, you shouldn't share people's incredulity about their success, you should
let them be incredulous.
No, it's fucking ridiculous.
And you should assure them that it's for a reason, so that's, that's just like taking
their coat.
I'm saying that I'm certain, I'm certain that they proved them they're, they're worthiness
outside of that, that that's a hilarious thing to become family.
They're world-class fellatrices.
Well, I want to talk to you guys about, about podcasting because you've, for a very long
time now in the Farrell Audio Network, which is an amazing network, you've been doing,
I don't know how else, like, I don't know what the terminology is, like, in terms of
sitcoms, there's single camera and multi-camera, which means there's an audience, like there's
an audience here, there's not an audience, you guys have been doing the not an audience
one for a while, have you, and now you're, you're gonna, are you just shifting gears
entirely, bailing on the non-audience and doing the audience thing now?
No way.
No, I think we just want a more immediate form of validation, so we're going to, I mean,
we've done it with an audience of Dustin, the producer, who's just out, like, right
outside the pillow fort, and if we say something really disgusting, we'll hear him wince.
Yeah, like, you get Dustin to laugh outside the pillow fort, like, you can hear his whole
body.
Well, how heavily did you edit?
Because, like, I went through all these phases with this thing where we would record this
and then I would sit with, you know, try to schedule a time with Dustin and go through
it, and then we'd be sitting there in Pro Tools or whatever, Logic or Square Five or
whatever the fuck kids use, and going like, oh, well, that was, that kind of doesn't really
go anywhere, so let's, let's, let's bring up that laugh and do all those things, and
we tried to minimize the dishonesty, and like, I was trying to keep it to 90 minutes, all
that stuff.
The more emails I got, or Tumblr messages about people that were just going, you know
what, I, I listened to your podcast while I'm welding a mechanical bowl at work, I listened
to your podcast while I'm driving to and from work, I, they, it became very clear that part
of the format was that the, the, the people that really gobble it up, what they prefer
more is a timely schedule than a finely edited masterpiece, and so we just stopped editing
at a certain point.
That makes total sense, and I don't like to listen to myself talk, so if I'm saying,
if I'm on doing the podcast and I say something like racist or like shitty that I know is
bad, I'm like, not that I ever did, Dustin, like, that, take that out, but like, I won't
go back and listen to it, and our best, our best, like, episodes have been our solo episodes
and we're, because we're best friends, we know fucking everything about each other,
buttons to push.
So the best episodes are when we're just totally candid and like,
Have you guys ever been in like a, like an actual fight?
So many.
Oh my God.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I locked her out of a hotel room in New Orleans, but I mean, that was the worst thing that
ever happened.
I broke into the hotel room in New Orleans.
She busted through the fucking door, and I was like, oh, how did you get through a door?
Did you kick her?
I was like, there's a monster.
A monster outside?
This is the thing, when they put the door, like, the lock thing on the door.
When they, meaning Ally, who's locking her down.
I watched your crime constantly.
The little hingey one?
Yeah, the hingey one.
If you take a credit card or the room, whatever, and you slide it through, like, it'll open
it up.
Good to know.
My favorite thing about that is, don't rape anyone.
Everyone's groaning because you just armed a million.
Yeah.
But my favorite thing about that is that the idea that amidst of a drunken hotel fight,
one person will do something as delicate as threading a needle, and then I'm sure you're
right back to, fuck you bitch, I thought I was so smart, and really I should have just
gone and sat down and had some water, and everything would have been fine, but I was
like, I got her.
So where did you pick that up?
Like, watching Dog the Bounty Hunter?
No, I watched, I obsessively watched shows about, like, people who have been, have murdered
people.
Like, obsessively.
48 hours.
Yes.
Oh my God.
All of that is front-line.
Hence I locked the hotel room door when Jordan is drunk.
Wait, so the little, the little hingy one with the little thing that slides in and kind
of locks in, you can, you can put a credit card through that?
You put a credit card and like, kind of slide the hinge off.
Oh.
It's so easy.
Life hacking.
This is why I put, yeah.
This is why I put a...
Also, you get a Mountain Dew bottle, makes a great silencer.
And it's also the thing...
There's...
Crazy.
Yeah, you put a pillow inside a Mountain Dew bottle, it has to be Mountain Dew for some
reason though.
Like, if you hold certain buttons down and certain elevators and you just, you bypass
all the other floors, if you want to go straight down.
Whoa, I did not know this.
Yeah, if you hold the door, open or close button, and hit a thing, and the floor you're
going to, it just goes, fire departments use it to get in places.
So now I tell the world that, so that the fire department, so people die.
But if you hold it down a second too long, you end up on a special floor where the elevator
master goes, who brought you here?
We have no way of knowing.
You have come up, but you can never go down.
You're just in a shitty, like, adjustment bureau movie.
What slumber party?
Okay.
Oh.
What?
Oh, sorry.
I was asking about slumber parties.
We're like, murderers, and slumber parties.
Yeah, we have a slumber party podcast, so we get in pajamas because it's comfortable,
and then we get people in a little...
Slumber parties that no one until now has been able to see, like, you guys have actually
pitched a tent.
We do the pillow fort, we do the pajamas.
You get in there, and you make the guests feel comfortable, and then you talk to them.
And now you're going to start doing that in front of an audience, so there's challenges
there.
Right.
Are there?
Have you thought about them?
No, no, actually.
We haven't.
No.
Good thing I'll be your first guest.
Thank you for being our first guest.
Wait, so you're going to be the first live guest of the slumber party?
Yeah.
Are you going to wear PJs?
Sounds like it.
Can you wear, like, a little onesie or something?
Yes.
I have one.
You do?
I got one from Paramount for Christmas.
It's like a red onesie.
Can you wear that?
Slippers?
Is it a union suit?
It's a little button.
Yeah, it looks like I want you to get off my moonshine.
All right, should we shift focus and talk about constitutional law and Justin Bieber?
Oh, yes.
He's on that scissor.
He's on that serp so bad.
Jeff, what do you know about Justin Bieber?
Very precious little.
I do know that I was slipping channels and he is throwing the charges for egging his
neighbors.
Does anybody else in this audience have the immediate, do I have a personality disorder?
Yes.
Or within five seconds of those kairons, are you upset about search and seizure?
Are you upset about, like, all I heard was everybody's laughing about, like, oh, I guess
Justin Bieber egged his neighbor's house so the cops raided his house and found cocaine.
What?
Wait, back up a million steps in the fucking constitution.
I know he's not American, but apparently either are we.
What are you talking about?
Oh, well, I guess he had surveillance cameras so they want to, that's self-incriminating.
You can't, you can't, if I, I, I, look, I'm pretty sure if you search every house in
California you're going to find some fucking cocaine.
Let's just call that a given.
Let's make the assumption that in the eyes of the fucking government, which is a shitty,
joyless organization designed to govern, not to provide us with happiness, but to supposedly
protect it, let's just assume that within the eyes of a faceless, inhuman organization
like the government, every person's individual life is spent breaking the law.
Let's assume that, that if you pull every car over, there's something nasty in their
trunk.
In any one's house, they got something that they're embarrassed about.
That's why the founding fathers put a little concept in the goddamn constitution called
fucking privacy.
We have privacy.
We have a right to be individuals.
And when it comes to drugs, I think it's perfectly fine for a country with a gross national product
to say, well, at our borders, we're going to try to, like, put a throttle on the amount
of cocaine or heroin or whatever the, whatever the fuck their business is.
So if you're living in a country that has less pantyhose or more potted ferns because
your giant country made a social contract with some free trade agreement with some other
country, hey, that's tough titties for you as an individual.
You move countries or whatever, or you're trapped there and you have less pantyhose.
So goes drugs.
But I think the idea has always been that by the time a little bundle of cocaine gets
into your front pocket at the local bar, you're allowed to have it.
Like, you need to have done some fucked up shit before they're allowed to find that shit.
And people can't kick in your door.
Did they burst in or did they actually have access to the house?
All I understood was that the kid egged a house.
Obviously he's been a bit of an annoyance in his neighborhood.
I have a feeling his neighbor is well hooked up.
I picture his neighbor being like a guy like me, like a 41-year-old guy whose neighbor
is Justin Bieber.
Or has had it for 20 years and dines with cops and is like, fuck this fucking kid.
You know what it kind of reminds me of is when you hear about people who were peeing
in a bush, which is how we met, get arrested and then have sex crimes or what is it called?
Thank you.
They're on the sex offender registry because it's almost like a thing where they're like,
come in for a free tour and then they try to sell you a condo.
You're like, well, that's not really the same thing as that.
And like, egging a fucking house, like if he really wanted to, he could have killed
that guy.
I saw a couple days ago, god, if Bieber just whacked somebody, that would be so good.
What do you mean when you say if he really wanted to, he could have whacked that guy?
I'm just saying like, egging a house is an innocent, simple way to get out your frustrations
on this person.
So why is this?
Over a certain dollar amount of damage.
Oh, I see what you're saying.
Yeah.
Well, apparently there was $20,000 worth of damage, which is believable when you egg a
rich person's house.
And I saw this news item a couple of days ago, so I don't know what happened today, I guess
today really.
Oh, he's got, he's drinking copious amounts of cough syrup.
Sweet.
Which is so sad.
Did people do that?
Doesn't he have any cocaine on him?
The impression that I got when I first watched it was that there was probably a bunch of
people in his house, he throws parties, and people, maybe him included, maybe not, went
and egged the neighbor's house, and then the cops came in like, hey, can we come in?
Sure.
And then there was somebody had cooked.
Right.
Now I think it was actually, I think it was on one of his entourage, little, little, little
personal pizza, whatever his name is.
Little personal pizza.
That's it.
Like one of his, one of his entourage is named Little Zahar.
Did he cash a little pee pee, right in dirty?
But, but, but, but the idea is, I'm telling you, I'm telling you right now, if you kick
in my door, you're going to find some shit, I'm an American.
Let's get over there right now.
I'm trying to think.
I pursue my fucking right to happiness, and I do it on my own property, and if you kick
in my door, and you go through every inch of my house, you are going to find illegal
shit.
God bless me.
And the same went for George Washington and Thomas Jefferson, who would have been hung
if they caught them because they were fucking treasonous terrorists.
They were forming a fucking country where people should mind their own goddamn business.
And I, and I, and I'm egging a house is shitty.
And if you can prove that you egged a house, and you owe the guy 20 grand, that is not
fun.
That is not a search warrant situation.
Well, I, I don't think they, I would guess that it wasn't, they broke, they broke down
the door without a search warrant and started looking.
No, they served him a warrant.
I'm sure.
And I think, I think he was like, okay.
But they can also say, can we come in?
And they go, yeah, you can come in.
And when they come in and they see Coke on the table, they can go, what's this?
And they can bust whoever is involved.
Anyways, team Biebs.
I'm just, I'm just saying, no.
It sounds to me, Dan, like you're, you're, you've become a bit of a constitutional
believer.
And I'm going back to all of Justin Bieber's crimes and I'm going, you know what, Anne
Frank probably would have been a believer.
He had every right to.
Oh, God.
Oh, he said it.
She probably would have, but that's what I, I think he's getting, I think he's getting
punished for just being a tiny douchebag is what's happened.
Exactly.
And that is, if that's a crime, we're all in trouble, man, especially me.
Yeah.
I think I need to keep my ass like, like, like, like I, it needs to not be illegal to be
unlikable.
My only problem with Justin Bieber is that he's rocking and made quite famous the haircut
that I had when I was four.
I was doing the big sweepy thing a long time ago and fucking nothing, no record deals.
I also want to reach out to him and say, uh, from the bottom of my heart, I'm so sorry
about the photos they choose when you're being vilified in the, because man, they found,
when I, when I, when I make my classic rape joke, uh, boy, they found the yellowest teeth.
Like, like, they just found like these snarling photos of me going, I love rape.
And, and, and, and he's, he's, he egged a house and they found cocaine and there's every
photos like him on the red carpet doing like a Corey Feldman break dancer.
Can I, here's my, look, I love the constitution as much as anybody, but, um, I, I do think
that personal rights might have to be stepped in on when he's wearing the pants with the
crotch is by the knees.
Fucking no, then, then, no, then you're under, I don't know what that mean, crotch is by
the knees.
And those pants, the saggy crotch pants were like, the, the, the, the bells would be where
the normal pants would be wasted, but the crotch portion is down here.
So it's okay.
You know what?
It's full of cocaine and eggs and cough syrup.
Cocaine and eggs and cough syrup?
You know what?
Oh my.
The heaviest habits, no demand.
Just in case.
Good night, everybody.
It's been our show.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown.
Let's search her house.
She made a pun.
What's that, Georgia?
What's the worst thing they would find in your house?
The worst thing they would, Georgia and I have this game we play on slumber party because
we ask slumber party questions and one of them is when you die, what's the worst thing
that you fail with?
Then feel free to include hard drugs.
Oh, hard drugs.
Then we're all fucked.
You know, I, I, I got us, this isn't my house, but I, I stay friends with an ex partly
because he has videos and pictures.
You know what I mean?
And it's like, what's his name?
I'm just kidding.
No.
He, you know, I can't piss him off that much because he has.
What are these videos?
Can you, like in broad strokes?
Long term relationship videos and stuff.
She was in a musical.
Yeah.
It's you and, it's you and Pippin when you're, no, it's a kinky scale, one to 10, 10 being
holy shit.
Five.
It's not that bad.
Yeah.
So yeah, enough to, enough to be embarrassing.
But not, yeah.
Not felonious.
My hair was terrible.
You know.
Oh yeah.
Is that what you're worried about?
See Dan, it seems to me that a lot of your beef with this whole Justin Bieber break-in
is that the idea that your, your illegal stuff at home isn't safe, right?
It all, it all goes back to me taking a pee in first grade and all of the kids at the
year and all slowly looking over and laughing at me and at that point, me realizing that
you're not supposed to drop your underwear and pants all the way to your ankle.
I knew it.
Oh God, it's awful.
Which is why Justin Bieber invented these new pants that are, that the job is half
none.
I mean, there is overlap there.
Maybe people should be allowed to do whatever they want with their pant level too.
The, the, I, I, I, I, I, I never diagnosed myself with Asperger's, I never will, I'm
41, it takes too long, too much money, I don't care, but, but I have achieved a lot of understanding
about my personality and the struggles I've gone through by, by participating or voyeuristically
spying on conversations between people on the spectrum on the internet, which I started
doing accidentally because I was writing this character that, that I didn't want to, I didn't
want to get wrong.
And, and I, what I understand now very clearly is that there's a bit, like we all share
as a fear of alienation and excommunication and that a lot of people have like these
tendrils, these social cues, these pickups and things like, like, like, like, like,
they just keep them safe, like, like people, there's people who are naturally buoyant to
use the metaphor of a pool and then there's people who feel like they sink like a stone
after a second if they don't flail or grab something.
And I think when you're on the spectrum, you are, it's not, it's not that doing things
wrong, it's the realization that you can do things wrong and not even realize that you've
been doing them wrong until it's too late and it's that fear that we all have of being
kicked out.
It's like, I didn't know that if I egged my neighbor's house, you could fucking kick
in my door.
We've both been pantsed before, like, as young people, like, the panting was a formative
drama.
Oh, it changed my life.
I'm coming out to you in the lunchroom and just slapping you in the back of the head
and you have no idea it was coming and you don't know why it happened and then you find
out because you're confused and your hero is Spock or Dr. Who and he gets to the bottom
of things.
Like, why did that happen?
Why did Troy do that?
Troy did that because you spoke up in science class and you embarrassed him, you raised
your hand at the wrong time.
You've been wearing those pants for too many days in a row.
Well, realizing you're the butt of the joke is like the most eye-opening thing that happened
when I was in fifth grade and got pants and I was like, oh, this is funny to people.
What was your reaction?
Because I saw some girls go through some pretty traumatic pantsings.
Like, really traumatic life, like life changing.
Oh, yeah.
Mine was in seventh grade and I was in a fight with my friend Laura.
She was not drunk and not in the hotel room, but her boyfriend was a dick.
And yeah, like a whole group of them are like, hey, Laura wants to talk to you.
And then Kenji, her boyfriend came up behind me and pulled the guy down and he should die.
And it was like, I had a whole like group of people watching.
I remember the same thing, slow motion, my entire fifth grade class.
Down to the knickers or down to fully nude?
Just underwear.
I think just underwear.
But still, like, you don't get pantsed if you're like a popular kid.
We both were really, oh, yeah, super dorks, hated ourselves with total nerds and then
that happened.
Clap Kenji in the fucking face, though.
I clawed the girls' arms.
It's funny that you guys have the slumber party motif, though, because slumber parties
were really even beyond any scholastic environments.
Slumber parties, your closest friends, also the place where the knife could go in the
deepest.
Like, I have my best times and my worst times at slumber parties, where we call them sleepovers
because we were dudes.
But we, you know, like the most, the reason why you always wanted to have sleepovers is
because you wanted to be participatory of like the most joyous moments of young life
and like those spikes would come and those are like jumping up and down in your friends
and you're having a great time.
But then, oh, my worst memories are at slumber parties where I'm suddenly realizing again,
like, wait, what the fuck, what did I, wait, me?
I'm the scapegoat?
No, that's the worst.
Did you guys have a meeting about this?
That's the worst, but that's the worst fear.
That's the fear that's so weirdly universal to humanity.
And I wouldn't get like, I wouldn't get like, like, down or about it, but it's something
that I struggle with my whole life and being like, what if everyone fucking hates me and
I have no idea?
So when a helicopter shot at Justin Bieber's house is a thing, like, my mind doesn't automatically
go to, ha, fuck that guy, he's so popular and rich.
My mind goes to, fuck the police, fuck, like, I know there's police out there that are such
great people.
Like, thank God there are decent people who've signed up for that job, but I'm just saying
as an institution, like, if I'm watching someone's house get raided on CNN, like, I never go,
I don't care how famous they are, like, first we have to hate the government, then we have
to hate famous people in that order.
So important.
Because famous people can't yet, all they can really do is fuck with your brain a little
bit and lower your taste.
The government can really do a lot of damage with too much power.
Those things don't really make sense.
Egging to raiding, don't, it's Charlie Sheehan, you'd be like, well, he brought this all
come in.
If there was a news story that broke about a little kid that egged somebody's house
and then the cops raided their house, like, under the right demographic circumstances,
that would be all over Facebook.
That happens every night all across the country, I'm certain.
Well, it's called raiding people's houses who didn't even egg people because they live
in the wrong neighborhood.
If you live in a wealthy neighborhood and you are a non-famous child living in a neighborhood
or a youngster like he is, and you decide to do shitloads of, like, heavy-duty damage
to your neighbor's house, the cops are coming.
They're going to come into your house if you allow them in.
If you go, no, sir, not without a warrant, they'll go, all right, they'll have to play
Mother Rules.
But if you let them in and they find drugs there, you go to jail, everybody there gets
questioned and all that shit happens.
Helicopters come because he's Justin Bieber, but then-
No, those are news coppers.
I understand.
Copters.
But the whole thing in total that disturbs me is that the entire thing adds up to something
that we all just take for granted, which is that, oh, well, he had it coming.
Now, wait a minute.
I don't care who had it coming.
I watch enough law and order.
I love me some Sam Waterston, like, the rule of law is what's important.
It doesn't matter who had it coming.
You can't shoot someone in the face because they, you know, until after the law fails
you anyway.
Like, you know, you can't, like, and we can't just look at somebody and go, like, oh, well,
he was a dick about that monkey thing on the airline and there's been all kinds of stories
about him.
So fuck him.
No.
Not fuck anybody.
Is Justin Bieber under charges right now?
Has he been, like, arrested or arrested?
I don't know.
I gave up at my outrage.
I had something to talk about so I stopped researching.
He was in the news today for drinking a shitton of weird cough syrup, which is so slumming
it.
But on that point, though, I think there's something really interesting about, like,
about Hive Mind and about, have you ever heard of the term tallest poppy syndrome,
where it's like a metaphor for the tallest poppies in opium crops get cut because they
don't conform?
So this idea that something rises above and it's bigger and it's more conspicuous than
gets the nature, human nature, is to chop it.
And so it's, that's the, I think it's above constitutional law concerns.
It's also that, that, you know.
That's Harrison Bergeron.
But that's celebrity.
But that's celebrity as we're uncomfortable with a kid who put a YouTube video up and
became a billionaire at 12.
That's my problem.
And gets more posy than anyone in this room ever will.
Obviously.
I thought, I thought our country was supposed to be about innovation and this whole stuff.
The glee that we take in raising people up, it's like, if somebody is that famous, it's
because everybody loved them and then we crucify them.
That's what we do.
It's, it's, it's, I don't like that and neither did God.
Hence the New Testament.
No, it's not.
It's not a cool behavior and we fucking don't learn our lesson.
But all of that is a reflection also, and this is super cheesy, but of how much you actually
like yourself and if you hate yourself, you want everyone to hate themselves.
And if you're okay with yourself, you don't give a shit what people think about themselves.
And so the idea that if you're in this cycle of like, I suck, I suck, everyone hates me,
I must be terrible.
What's wrong with me?
Is there something wrong with me?
I don't know about.
Am I okay today?
You're, you're going to want, you're going to wish failure on everyone.
Yeah.
And you, and you're going to feel fine with it.
It's like throwing a rock at the moon.
That's every day on Twitter, somebody like takes a shot at me, you know, 85,000 people
hug me and make me feel wonderful about myself, and then one person goes like, Hey fuckface,
why are you so fat and untalented?
And of course I go like, well, let's talk about this.
And I get up my eyeglasses and I want to talk to them.
And I like over and over and over again, it's the same thing.
It's like this person that no matter how they want to dress it up, regardless of what form
they take, it's this person that is actually quite shocked in the end that like I would
go, Hey, what?
Because the first thing they say is they go like, what a loser talking to me.
What the fuck?
That's sad.
You don't want to, well, why did you talk to me?
Are you doing it?
Like do you want to?
Well, I just think I'm fucking you up.
And then 90% of them go like, look, maybe I misspoke, I was just saying, like, I think,
like, like, like, it's our celebrity worship is.
They think you're invincible.
It is dangerous.
They don't know.
And that's just me, like, I exist in a safe part of that pond, you look at the things
if you ever go to like a Kardashian's Instagram, and some girl takes a photo of herself and
says, I'm having fun at the zoo, I'm a Kardashian, and the things like it's just kill yourself.
You should kill yourself if you don't kill yourself.
I'm going to kill you.
I'm going to hire someone to kill you.
Your head looks stupid.
Your face looks stupid.
You shouldn't be at the zoo.
You're a horrible person.
I hope your face gets ripped off by that animal.
I hope you're...
I don't...
I've never watched the Kardashian show.
I don't know what these people do that's so wrong, but it's so disturbing.
We always, like, have, like, like, struggled with the thought of, like, promoting ourselves,
like, and being like, look at me doing this thing, and look at us doing this thing, and
hey, we're going to be even, like, at Harmontown, and it's like, are we bragging?
Are we inviting people to be annoyed with us and to hate us?
Yeah.
Well, that's a large...
I got a documentary coming out about myself.
That's going to go well.
That's going to go real well.
I can't wait to read the AV Club review of the documentary I produced about myself.
That's going to go...
That's going to make me feel fantastic.
Well, but all of that is, you'll notice, like, the more invincible and the more on top people
will see, then the more of that, like, chopping poppy syndrome you see.
And so you have to understand and take that with some kind of weird...
It's almost like...
And I don't know if this is part of the solution or part of the problem, but I think what you're
suggesting is that a healthy person would look at each knife as a hug, like, but I don't
know if that turns you into a monster.
Isn't that the definition of an associate path?
I think what you do is look at the person on the other side of the knife and realize
that they're these sad people who are never going to affect your life.
Don't matter.
In their mind, the blade on the knife is a nerf blade.
Yeah.
I mean, really, they're trying to get your attention.
That's what they're doing.
And so there's something about them that needs to be yourself.
It's almost like an Andy Kaufman routine where it's like, like, he just went, fuck it.
If people are booing you, that's part of the act.
Like, it didn't affect him that way.
But you just said, Dan, that you know that 85,000 people hug you and one person says,
uh, you're fat and that drives you crazy.
You, you, you don't think that you're going to get 100% of the people to say nice things
to you online.
Right.
So intellectually, you understand that there's a percentage of people who are going to say
that.
No, I understand that all intellectually, but that's just like, I don't, I, I'll look
here.
Here's the thing.
Uh, everyone loved the last episode of community, uh, about five seconds into reading the praise
of the last episode of community, I started to get bummed out because the praise came
in the form of this is the funniest episode of community since season two, which made
me go, bad job at season three.
I, I made a realization and I'll make it again for the rest of my life.
It's too late for me.
I'll never be mentally healthy, but it's another epiphany in my epiphany drawer.
My work, my relationship with strangers will never make me happy.
That's how sick I am.
So yes, I realize all these things.
The logical realization of it doesn't, it doesn't, it doesn't mean anything.
But do you think that this, that you yourself hatred and we both have it in certain doses
like helps fuel you as a person because you, you hate yourself yet you've made this incredible
career, like career doing something you love and are good at.
But you know, if you liked yourself, would you have tried so hard to prove?
No, exactly.
Yeah.
That's a problem is that am, that validation is the reward for ambition, which can a lot
of times be fueled by the need for validation.
So you, if you are like, ah, fuck, I got a hole in my bucket.
You're going to keep trying to fill your bucket and you're like, I still got a hole
in it.
I think the key has something to do with that whole, the whole of the bucket has to, you
have to let that lead you into vocational ambition where it will never be fulfilled.
And you have to then simultaneously somehow I'm miming like some bucket going underwater.
It looks like some weird thing, but, but like, like while that, while that incom, that unfillable
void directs you forward in terms of the things you output, you simultaneously have to derive
your emotional well-being from your dog, your fiance, your,
But you're amazing.
You're not mine.
I have neither.
And you have to not let those things, that's the, that's the thing, like you can't like
you have to like, yeah, you just have to go like, okay, I'm, I'm a person who can never
do anything right for anybody.
So I'm going to always like, until I drop dead, like Robert Altman, I'm just going to
like make things like Woody Allen.
I'll just make things.
Like those are great.
They're heroes of ours because they're prolific, but they compartmentalize because obviously
if Woody Allen ever allowed people's opinions of his personality to mitigate his output,
there would have been a little bit of a divot at a certain point in his career and there
wasn't.
I don't know how to not egg anyone.
If you should never egg anyone.
I think Christina Barcelona was pretty shitty.
Well, yeah, I mean, he's a, he's psychologically probably a monster, but that's okay.
And he's not listening and he won't punch a mirror when you say that unlike me.
And that's where I fall short.
Like I probably won't punch a mirror, but...
But that's, I mean that's the thing is, is in, for me, we would not have multiple TV
shows.
If out of a McNuggetini video, if I didn't have an unfillable void.
Yeah, my anxiety and depression wasn't fueled on like,
but you're not doing enough, enough, enough.
We wouldn't have, yeah, we wouldn't have.
I have no ambition.
I have zero.
Well, maybe, well, that's a good thing to do.
I don't, I don't think I'm crazy enough
to be that talented or that funny.
Like, I feel like-
Well, I don't think I'm talented.
I know, I worked my ass off.
The guilt of having a partner that you have to,
I would have never done this on my own.
Like, the guilt of being like,
well, I was gonna be disappointed
if I don't write this thing.
Or like, well, I have to show that I'm carrying my weight.
And so, when you have someone to work with like that,
it really helps.
I'm the deadline bitch a lot of times.
So, I keep-
See, I don't like people like you
that have ambition, that have,
I don't like people that have holes in their bucket
because you guys are all the people that get shit done.
You guys are-
I know.
Because we're never gonna be happy.
You have careers and shit like that.
No, I actually had a weird,
and I don't know if this is,
you guys don't know me,
so I don't know if this is weirdly personal,
but I had a fucking, the last couple weeks,
I, we've both had really hard years.
We've had terrible years.
And if you listen to Slumber Party with Ali
and George on Feral Audio,
we, one of our episodes was called Flash Flood of Sadness
because like in the one month,
like we just, we both went through
all kinds of weird shit outside of our control.
And so, I've had like this terrible hard year,
and I have beat myself up a million times
for how I am not enough.
I didn't handle it well.
Everyone must hate me, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I, if I send a birthday gift late,
I'm like, oh, I'm a monster.
I'm a social, I should kill myself.
Like, I should Kardashian myself at the zoo.
I'm the worst person.
And I just recently, like just recently finally was like,
I can't do this anymore.
No one wants me to hate myself.
I keep thinking everyone will like me more
if I'm successful and have it together.
And I'm like, not hideous.
And I have like a show with my best friend.
As long as I hate myself, I'm acceptable.
And I was like, no, no one wants me to hate myself.
I mean, that's makes me more of a garbage person.
So I'm just like, fuck it.
I'm just gonna be okay with it
and just worry about other shit.
So, thanks, oh my God, thanks.
Woo!
I'm able to accept your applause.
There is always an outrage underneath every hackle
when you confront it that the people go like,
oh, wait a minute, what the fuck are you doing?
You're standing in front of me.
You're running your mouth.
I'm not allowed to shoot a paintball gun at you.
That's all I'm doing.
Yeah, I have my own issues,
but I'm not a celebrity, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
They unfold all this stuff.
And then we go, oh, look at all the hypocrisy
of your point of view and all this shit.
They're like, yeah, I'm not in that business.
Fuck off, I'm a fucking audience member.
Like, I'm sitting here on Twitter,
I'm just like tweeting that Dan Harmon's an asshole.
I didn't expect Dan Harmon to fucking come down
on me like a goddamn weird cloud.
But I'm gonna keep doing it
because it freaks him out so much.
I love it.
Like all the other people,
like the percentage of people in this room
who have tweeted at you is probably really low,
but the percentage of people who like appreciate you
and like you.
I mean, like think about the people
that you used to love when you were growing up
and there was no way to tell them ever.
Yeah, exactly.
And also if I knew that like Kyle McLaughlin
from Twin Peaks like was really sensitive
about how people perceived him,
I would have liked him less.
I don't wanna know the ins and outs
of his fucking relationship with his self image.
Now that I know what it's like for someone
to come up to me and be like, I love your show.
Like I saw Jellaby Offer outside of a bar like years ago.
I should have been like, you changed everything.
But, and I was like, I'm gonna annoy him.
I'm not gonna say anything.
But like these people are really stoked.
But.
I would have retweeted Janeane Garofalo all the time.
I would have spent my entire adolescence just arching.
Like more, look at what she said.
I had no access to that.
I just had to stare at them from afar and read liner notes.
That's a why.
So I mean, that's a totally, I mean people,
I think now celebrities or people,
tallest poppies are much more porous in that way.
I think that their membranes are much more permeable too.
That criticism and not, I don't think people
who are in this business necessarily take praise
with the way that they do criticism.
And that's a big thing that you just have to like
get zen about.
Or else you're gonna-
But those tallest poppies are more sensitive to the sun
and are reaching higher and represent a biosphere
in which poppies are gonna get taller.
That's why everyone's on opium.
Because, yeah, like, but it's true.
Like, because there's not,
there is no Cary Grant of the year 2050.
That doesn't work that way anymore.
There's no newsreel going,
hey, who's that with Marilyn Monroe on the red carpet?
It's only gonna be a bunch of people that are like,
hey, what'd you say about me?
Fuck you!
Because everyone's gonna be,
you're not gonna be allowed to be famous
if you're not accessible.
Or like having to reveal more and more about yourself
or like you have to be this,
you can't be this character.
You have to be like, here's how flawed I am.
Or like here's everything about me that you need to know.
No, I would say like throughout time,
like the Mount Olympus of, you know,
the people that we allow to be celebrities,
there are people that we don't want to touch.
There are people that are sacrosanct.
But we do want to, yeah.
We always give like some George Clooney,
like a little-
Yeah, George Clooney or a little Beyonce,
like we be like, okay, no, she's safe.
Like we'll fucking leave her alone.
You know, when people are being vicious to each other
throughout the year,
it's like nobody out at Barbra Stanwalk or Doris Day
because they're fucking beloved.
And like everybody knew that they were gay.
They knew them, but they didn't say it because of that.
Just found out right now.
Yeah, because I made it up, no.
But like there are people that we do want to be Apollo
and after a dieting.
There's also people that we want to be punished.
There's people that we want to cast away.
Like Madonna from the beginning.
Like it's not like she was beyond reproach.
Like she was a sexable and she was world conquering
and everyone knew her name.
But at the same time, she represented an archetype
that was like inviting everyone's vile.
I think it's we should forget puked on.
We don't have a Kerry Grant.
I mean, George Clooney is doing his level best
to probably without trying to,
we're forcing that on him to be a guy
that people really want to like.
And he's making it very easy for us to like George Clooney.
He doesn't, and even if he ever did something bad,
people wouldn't fucking talk about it.
Like when I was a kid, like I mentioned before,
I was in a play with Joel Brunner.
If you guys know him, he's an actor from the 50s.
And he was a big sex symbol for many years
and a big hot shot in his giant movies.
And when we were, we did like 13 cities
on this tour before I went to Broadway
and we were in Cincinnati, it was opening night.
And we were on the, whatever the river is there.
Is it the Ohio River?
What is it?
Yes.
And there was a river boat
and that was where opening night party was.
And there was always local dignitaries and press
and you know, like kind of local hot shots
and possibly a mayor would come to these parties.
And the kids, there were 13 of us,
seven that traveled and seven local kids
that filled out the kid portion of the cast.
We would all walk up on this procession and meet him.
And I learned, I mean, I was raised in kind of
an old school like LA kind of very mannerly environment
where you said good evening and how do you do
and stuff like that.
But we were suits and my understudy was brand new
in the job and he was a kid named Luke from Philadelphia.
He was very crass, very, you know,
like Irish Catholic working class kid, really funny
but really, you know, like rough around the edges
compared to, you know, like the rest of us probably.
And his dad was this, you know,
tough old Irish guy who's hilarious.
And he was in front of me
and he was his first time meeting Yule.
And it was in front of everybody.
There's cameras, you know, for the local newspapers.
And he walks up and he goes, hi.
And Yule just goes, boom.
It just smashes him with his giant hand across his face.
Absolutely clobbers this 10 year old.
10 year old.
And I'm right behind him and like,
I'd never seen Yule hit anybody
but I knew that like you don't fucking cross,
he's the king on and off stage.
And he was a bad old school motherfucker
who was dying of cancer.
And in front of me.
And who was a robot cowboy?
Yes.
And who said to him, go back to your mama.
Is that what he said?
No, in Westworld.
Okay.
Westworld, quote, for nobody.
Fucking rent Westworld.
He fucking gives Richard Benjamin
the fucking time of his life, man.
I love that you just got.
He really gives Richard Benjamin what how?
What how?
Anyway.
You got one person snapping to that.
By the way, like a beat audience.
Just like a glorious and disgusting.
And I love that.
It's Adam Colbert.
I did not rub your lamp at him, be quiet.
So anyway, so you'll just bash this kid
and he gives him this big model like,
you're in the presence of ladies.
You do not say hi, you say, how do you do?
You say, good evening.
I gave him this big ass thing.
And the thing is, the guys with the cameras,
the press that were there, put their cameras down.
Right.
And like, this kid's getting the fucking talking to,
he's getting the rules right now.
No, look, the Irish Catholic father of Luke,
who is, you know, he had diabetes, he had scoliosis,
one leg was fucking a foot shorter than the other one.
Like he had, this guy had been through wars and shit.
He, like his fists came up and then put him right back down
because like, there was a status ladder
and you'll just gave him this fucking talking to.
And I mean, the sound it made when he hit this kid
was a fucking major.
Okay, so let's not live in that world.
There's so much worse in me.
But if paratroopers come in through the skylight then
and arrest Yule Brenner for the future crime of child murder,
then I'm on Yule Brenner's side.
No, but the reason I bring that up,
that we lived in a time when celebrities misbehaved,
that wasn't news.
Now any bit of misbehavior is front page news at all times.
Because gloriously the concept of celebrity,
hopefully, it'd be interesting to watch how this happens.
It's like a paint pigment that's like, you know,
you can't, you used to, I feel like from watching
old black and white, you know, culture and stuff
that you could count the number of celebrities
on a couple of hands and that the list dropped off
really fast.
You didn't like have like, you didn't know who was famous
beyond like 10 people.
And that now it's just more stratified kind of like,
obviously it's just like, oh, my neighbor has a podcast
and she's got a thousand listeners,
which I think is very healthy and very good.
But it's like, it's being infected by this old world
concept of celebrities as a class.
I disagree with that though.
I think we've needed celebrities
since before we had Twitter or podcasts.
Like if you look, like I studied Latin in college
or high school at AP Latin, only one person in my class,
it was me and Mrs. B.C.O.
She's dead now, don't worry about it.
It was just me and her, but you know,
so you study when you study the classics
and you know, Roman and Greek mythology,
you learn about demigods and you learn about their Zeus
and then he's got a whole bunch of people
that are like half here and they're half human,
they're half gods.
And that is who you look to to learn like,
how the fuck to grow grain and like,
how not to get smoked essentially.
But I mean, between that and like sun gods
and gods of rain, I think, and royalty through,
before we had media, the kind of technology
that we have now to be like so in everyone's face,
we always needed something to guide us.
We needed to hear Hermes fuck the swan.
Yeah, we needed something to guide us.
Back when there was only the radio and before TV,
and then when there was TV, there was three channels
and then there was five and then there was a million.
And now there's everybody has a podcast
and a YouTube channel and stuff like that.
We still want to classify the people around us,
the celebrities that we choose to put on pedestals.
And the reason why we erect pedestals
is for the purpose of knocking them off them
when that happens.
In that fucking glory, glorious two weeks
when Charlie Sheen was becoming the greatest thing
that ever fucking happened,
everybody was just like, okay, this is fucking exciting.
Whether or not you loved it, hated it, didn't give a shit,
you were violently indifferent to it, you were indifferent to it.
And in a slow news week,
if Dan and Chevy Chase get in the fight,
that's because Charlie Sheen isn't doing it
on a fucking way bigger level.
We do need to cast part-
I'm offended by that?
Yeah.
Well, no.
I'm kidding about that.
I'm saying, well, you aren't.
We have to cast our, I don't wanna joke.
I'm definitely kidding about wanting to be more famous
than Charlie Sheen.
I'd say that we have to cast our gods and demi-gods.
We have to create our Mount Olympus at all times.
Now it's so devious
because we have a million Charlie Sheens, a very-
I agree with all of you.
I think that the reason why,
I think that in days when media was very, very limited
where it was just one-way transmission of imagery,
then we had that perfect harmony with that golden age
where it basically supplanted what you're describing
in ancient Greek, ancient Roman society
where you had the mystery gods and I worship Isis
and I have a statue of Soto.
Yeah, but did you hear Isis?
So is the reason why there was a flood last week?
Yeah, fuck that bitch.
All right, she's all right.
She's all right.
You know, like it was sort of like,
it was gossip and soap opera all tied into religion
and it was civic and it worked as long as a society worked
and then the barbarians at the gate
and then the monotheism and whatever.
The only thing that I'm saying is that nowadays,
now that we have so much access to everything,
we're coming off of an industry where the concept
of fame and celebrity had so much dollar value per ounce
that it's incompatible right now
that you would hold the third lead of vampire diaries
or someone whose blog is taking off
to this Keri Grant kind of standard.
It's where we're seeing as a sort of a blender of weirdness.
I certainly feel that way as a person who never wanted
to be regarded as anything in particular
except by a couple of people.
Like that's what I'm saying is that there's a lot
of fame to go around and I do think we will always
have George Clooney's that we can launch to the moon
and we can watch them explode in space.
Now fame is so, I think the idea now
because the internet being what it is,
the amount of efficacy people have
that they can rumble you and you can be rumbled
and then the Kraken can come out from the sea
and start laying waste and start like engaging
like the town spoke.
But also, I think people see fame as something
much more attainable now because you can become like a-
And they should, everyone can be famous.
That's what I wonder about.
Look at it that way first.
You can't stop looking at your life as miserable
and start realizing that although it doesn't pay anything
tomorrow, you can be seen by a million people.
Everybody can be famous and that's why every fucking day
you turn the TV on is some guy who shot up a school.
Everybody can be famous.
Those people are having a fucking breakdown
because of some kind of like, I think-
Because they don't matter.
They don't matter.
And that's why you make the 17 videos.
And they're sensing that they're supposed to matter.
Now there's recourse.
I don't exist.
I can exist for 48 hours in the fucking national media.
Like I can be notorious.
I can trade in all my mortgage and all my moms yelling at me
or whatever the situation I'm in.
I'm gonna kill myself anyway.
I think I'll go blow away a syrup factory.
Yeah, I'll be a shitty John Wilkes.
Because they make sweets.
I'll be a John Wilkes booth, kind of, you know.
I'll be a-
We've made fame, something that you can't just choose.
The tribe has to choose who gets on the pedestal
and the tribe gets to stand around that pedestal
and decide whether or not-
It's a holdover for the idea that everyone knowing
who you are equated to money.
That's the thing.
That's what I was gonna say is, I think that some,
you know, it seems like you won the lotto.
Like why Jennifer Lawrence than some other blonde actress?
Like it could've been anyone.
And, you know, the third lead on whatever,
the vampire diaries is making so much fucking money
off of that, right?
And everyone, it seems like an easy thing to attain.
These American Idol shows and things like that.
Like, I don't know how these people fare afterward,
but the miracle of that show is that they actually,
now you're just famous because you're an American Idol
because it's a fucking popular show.
But my god, that promise of like,
and the winner will be a famous singer.
Yeah, just like that.
But that's also very-
They kind of end up being a famous singer
because everyone was watching that show.
Lasted 20 years, it was Major League Baseball.
But like, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it.
That's American though.
That's a weird America.
Yeah, American expansion was based on like,
shit, there's gold and everyone ran to it.
And like, and you know, California was settled
because we had gold up north and we had movies down here.
So we had like gold and fame.
And so that's the only reason why any of you are sitting here.
To you, to, to expand on that metaphor,
because there was only so much you can do
with a pickaxe or a stick of dynamite.
There's only so much gold you can get out of the earth.
And then, if you have the technology to point a ray
and just go, and scan the planet and go,
this planet is 10% gold.
Okay, I'll take it, fuck the planet, move away.
That's what the internet is.
Whatever you have to offer, give it to me.
I'll take it for free.
I'll download it.
I don't care.
There's no, it's not gold.
Maybe the gold is limited because of the gold is talent,
but fucking, I'll take it.
And I'm not gonna pay you that much for it.
Like, and Snickers ain't gonna get paid for it.
And Nike ain't gonna get paid for it.
Like, those are the days in which we live.
So, all of us people who wanna be heard
and wanna, like, like our narcissists
and want to output stuff,
we're living in the golden age,
but we're not gonna get any money for it.
Right not, although, I don't know.
Well, I think if McDonald's offered us any money,
I think I would have.
No, you take it, they're not going to.
I would say no.
But I mean, that's the thing is like,
is we have one dumb video that led to now,
this is our job, this is our career.
I make more now than I ever did at the times.
And at the times, also, if we wanted coffee creamer,
we had to pay 15 cents.
And once I had to look under my floor mats
in my 1993 Subaru to buy coffee creamer.
I only charge her 10 cents for coffee creamer.
That's true.
But I mean, but that's the thing is it is,
it is that gold rush.
And it is, it is that idea that like anyone here,
sitting in front of us or listening to this,
could have some idea that no one's ever really had.
And then in 72 hours, someone's aunt would be like,
did you see the thing?
And then all the door opens.
They absolutely can.
There's within their power.
Then there's something, they're okay.
You can look at that two ways.
You can look at that as like gross.
Everyone needs validation.
Everyone wants to be famous.
Everyone's a whore.
Oh my God, who's gonna notice me?
My bucket has a hole in it.
Or you can look at it as we have a platform and a voice.
We, essentially, everyone in like 2005 was handed a megaphone.
And it's very loud and it's very noisy,
but everyone has more.
But our areas are just, so that's how people talk now.
I think it's great that everyone has a podcast.
When I got a podcast, I was the 450 millionth person.
There was no way I was gonna convince myself
that I was doing anything innovative by saying,
I'm gonna have a podcast.
I bit that bullet.
I was like, yeah, but podcasts are awesome.
That's just, there's the alternatives of people tweeting
about like, everyone's got a podcast.
What, where is that gonna get you?
I'm all over the place, but I'm just saying like,
and I don't think this issue needs to be resolved.
I have another issue with this,
but that brings up a really important question.
And that is, on different social media platforms,
you have a really different tonal way
of representing yourself and your life.
And Twitter, it's, oh, I'm so fucking miserable.
Oh, you haven't changed my pants in five days.
Blah, and I don't have a boyfriend.
And then, and then on Instagram.
You're obviously following Questlove.
Yeah.
Hillary Clinton, official.
But no, and then on Instagram, it's like,
well, isn't that nice?
And then on Facebook, it's like,
I am so grateful for my family.
So you represent yourself.
And then Tumblr, it's like,
I cannot believe what happened yesterday.
But I mean, that's a weird, and that's weird.
How dare he, in that interview,
suggest that Jeff and Annie's relationship
had something to do with the schoolgirl crush.
All right, you're projecting.
I'm gonna kill myself right now if no one stops me.
You're projecting, and that is a very,
that's a limited scope of your experience,
but I believe you.
Then I may scroll down to the cat meme.
Right now on Twitter, I'm not like,
the world's biggest tweeter.
I do it once in a while.
I'm going through a fucking crisis.
I have been for a long time now,
been confused with Jeff Davis,
the creator of Criminal Minds,
and now the television's Teen Wolf.
Oh, dear.
There's a guy named fucking-
Is there a guy that makes shows that has your name?
And once I was told by my accounts,
our accounts, we had the same accountancy, people,
that hey, you, BLS limo,
you used a limo service for something,
and it got charged to another Jeff Davis,
but we sorted it out.
My credit card was shut off a couple months ago
because my accountant called me up and said,
did you just spend $5,000 on limos last night?
I'm like, no.
They go, okay, that's Criminal Minds, Teen Wolf,
Jeff Davis.
I go, can you-
I had no idea.
No, but God.
I said, can you tell BLS limo
to get their shit together as I've left them?
And also BLS, if you let me, go, pfft, thumbs down.
You need a middle name, like Minotaur.
My name is Brian because of SAG.
There's a million Jeff Davis.
I am Jeff Brian, or Jeff B. Davis, rather.
I'm Jeff B. Davis, for that reason,
because there's a long line for Jeff Davis's out there.
No, you need to throw a Muhammad in there.
You need to do something.
Muhammad, yes.
Or you need to go for Heartstack,
which is not George's last name, it's Heartstark,
but everyone missed it.
Well, Ally has an E on the end of her name
because of that reason.
Oh yeah, I did search engine optimization on my name
and I changed my identity.
Hi.
My name is Ally Ward, but it was ALI, and then Ward.
And then 2011 happened, 2011.
2000, and September 11th happened.
Hi.
When?
I don't know.
I already fucking forgot.
I, oh, never forget.
There's a mnemonic device, if you want to remember 9-11.
I have a posted note on my mirror that's like,
don't forget the thing.
September 2000, the thing?
I know.
But after that, people would call me Ally all the time,
and I was like, this is getting confusing.
And then I started writing for a newspaper,
and there was another journalist named Ally Ward,
spelled with no E, and she was a horticulturist in Britain.
And so people would be like, hi, I'd
love for her to ask about tulip bulbs.
And I was like, fuck you.
And so I put an E on the end.
I Googled Ally Ward with an E. No one else, zero search results.
And I was like, all right, that's my new name.
And now my parents, when they write to me, they don't,
they put, sometimes it in E. No, no, take it off.
Allison?
Allison.
They don't know what to call me, and I'm like, hi,
I'm the chick with the E on the end of the name.
You know, when I was younger, I got
made fun of for my name, like both the first and last
so fucking much.
But now I'm so.
George, I'm nearly a pot.
Georgia Hardstark in the world.
You have the name of a dead woman.
It's Georgia Miriam Hardstark.
House Hardstark.
What the hell is that?
Oh, I get a lot of the guys come up to me, like, do you
watch Game of Thrones?
Because your last name is really.
What is it in Game of Thrones?
It's like House Stark, right?
Is it?
Your house.
Who's, where are my nerds at?
Woo!
I hear there's tons of tits and tits.
If you go on my Twitter timeline right now, look,
90 fucking percent of it is a bunch of people
going, like, naming characters.
Like, oh my god, this is the best thing
that ever happened.
So-and-so, they make that with so-and-so.
And then it's everybody replying to everybody,
including the official MTV Teen Wolf sites.
So before this quite escalated, I wrote a tweet a while back,
like, a couple weeks ago, and said,
to the people following me that have confused me with Jeff
Davis' creator of TV's Teen Wolf,
don't you think it's weird that I've never tweeted
about Teen Wolf?
And then I said, you know what?
Fuck it.
I have never seen the show, but I'm going to do a Q&A.
I'm doing it, I'm doing it.
So I've never seen the show, but I
am not the creator of Teen Wolf.
I'm going to do a brief Teen Wolf Q&A.
So people are like, how do you know when a Teen Wolf
goes through puberty?
Harry or balls?
I was just like, stupid shit like that.
And what's it going to be called when he's not a teenager
anymore?
It's just going to be called wolf.
So I did five of those and said, thank you.
I hope I answered your Teen Wolf questions.
Sincerely, Jeff Davis creator of Teen Wolf.
But also, I called the cast a bunch of pricks,
and I said I had a methadone addiction.
So there was something like online news thing.
Like the dots or I don't know what it was fucking called.
Did some funny article and they said like, the wrong Jeff
Davis answers your Teen Wolf questions.
And they got like, it's comedian Jeff Davis, Jeff Brian
Davis, because apparently this guy, Jeff Davis,
had gone offline of Twitter a couple of years ago.
Probably because he's truly disliked because most of the
shit I get on my time, I was like, fuck you, you're Satan.
I'm like, hey, whose line shouldn't be taken that serious?
We got to get this guy on the show.
Please, Jeff Davis.
So actually, the Teen Wolf people said like, that was
hilarious, thank you.
But with all of that, because people that watch the show,
God bless them.
I'm sure they're lovely people, but I would guess younger.
And irony, not their fort.
So I cast them, not their bag, neither the bread,
nor their butter.
And so now, because of that, I have so many more followers
to think I'm the creator of Teen Wolf.
And so I've just gone on begging MTV, please set the fucking
record straight on this one.
My timeline right now is a fucking absolute morass of people
saying things I have no idea what they're talking about.
Do you have dueling wikis?
Dueling wikis, by the way, name of my autobiography.
No, do you have dueling wikipedias?
What the hell was that?
Oh, it's fine.
Her jazzle phone.
It was blowing up too much.
Oh, don't worry about it.
Do you have dueling wikipedias?
I don't know what that is.
Like, did you have Jeff Davis and Jeff TV?
Oh, my wikipedia page is so fucking absolutely fallacious.
I've tried to change it.
I'm not allowed to change it.
I'm still dating a person I've never met.
I created Calcium, I'm the vice-roy of Bengal.
I won't go to mine because people that hate me,
I cross the tipping part.
I don't Google myself, and I won't wikipedia myself,
because sometimes there'll just be a paragraph in there
that's like, fat asshole Dan Harmon is a fat fuck
and a fat piece of shit.
If it was just that, it would be great.
But it's the insinuation that I'm a bad person with bad values.
That's what gets under my skin.
When I was in my 20s, and Google was first a thing,
and I would Google my own name.
And there was a little blend of like, oh, I've done some stuff.
And it's a dim recollection of wishing
that I was like, oh, I wish I was.
Because there was another guy who
was like a district attorney of Arkansas named Dan Harmon,
who had participated in the assassination of two kids who
were walking down a railroad track
and stumbled onto a drug deal between cops and drug dealers.
Can assassinate kids?
Yeah.
Well, if they witnessed the drug deal between cops
and drug dealers, and the two kids were just blown away.
And Dan Harmon was the district attorney,
I want to say, or attorney general of the state
or something like that.
Would you Google my name?
Oh, you're not done.
And so it was just like, I kept.
Wow.
I would Google my name, and I would look at the first three
results, and I would be like, fuck this fucking guy
that murdered two kids.
One day I'm going to be more famous than him.
I would really think that in my head.
I'm like, I'm the one day I'm going to fucking
trump this guy for the murder of two children.
Be careful what you wish for.
Also, a name for a noose in the south
is a Jeff Davis necktie.
There's a famous Jeff Davis out there, and he went, yeah.
When you Google my name, which I don't do often because it's
fucking terrible for yourself, but three years ago,
I wrote for a deal breaker blog, a deal breaker,
if you share custody of a pet with your ex,
that's a deal breaker.
And some fucking guy, if you Google
my name, it says why Georgia Heartstark will die alone.
Not literally word for word, and you click on it,
and it's just tearing me apart for having that opinion.
And you're really a guy that shared a bulldog,
where they're like a fucking obnoxious.
Every time people, I think, well, Google me,
they'll click it because it's terrifying,
and so it stays up on the top of the Google list.
So my grandma is 103 if she fucking.
She does not get a little shit, dude.
Whatever, my aunt, she's like, ever life potion.
Like your grandma doesn't get it.
Hey, Dan, can we bring Spencer up?
Well, we should bid goodbye to our guests.
I don't know if there's other guests.
We're blind on dead grandma.
We have to, but would you?
I was saying, if you're welcome to stay,
as far as I'm concerned, but I think it's time
to have Spencer come.
Well, I think we're going to bring Aaron up,
we're going to bring Spencer up,
and we're going to play D&D.
So I would give our guests the broom,
but you've pointed it out now.
No, no, we're out of here.
I'm sorry, I just assumed they were staying with us.
No, we're out of here.
We'll watch the D&D from the Wings.
I still have a Magic the Gathering deck
in case anyone wants to play.
Thank you, everyone!
All right, well, let's thank Allie and Georgia
for coming by.
Thank you.
Wonderful.
We all have a Magic the Gathering deck.
We all have a Magic the Gathering.
Woo!
Allie and Georgia, everybody.
Oh, I assumed they were staying. I didn't mean to give them the hook.
Yeah, man, I was trying to get rid of them and you fucked it up.
Or I just put the pedal to the metal.
Oh, yeah. I guess you forced the issue. That's for sure.
Well, let's bring Spencer out, shall we?
Spencer!
Whoa!
Spencer, you leapt to the stage like a desert breeze.
Yeah, I'm all over the place today.
How you doing, man?
I'm out of sorts. I mean, everyone who's not listening to the podcast will know.
I look like shit. I smell like shit.
I woke up bad. I threatened the life of an elderly lady today.
Alright, go with that. Let's go with that.
What occasion do you threaten the life of an elderly lady?
Drive in on near target Lebrea.
There was this old woman who had the crazed look of a homeless person,
but the well-dressedness of a lady going to church.
She was wandering in the street like those hobos do when they're going up and down the aisles looking for change.
But she was just making the most craven stare like at people and then like walking towards them
if they gave any indication of noticing her existence.
And I slipped up. I slipped up. I gave one glance and the next thing I know,
she was right at the corner of my car, like right in front of it, like just...
And my window was down. I think that might be why she was targeting me because, you know,
I could hear her potentially, but she didn't say anything.
She was just staring at me and then the light turns green.
You'd think it was because she was trying to cross the street, but it wasn't.
But she started to go in front of my car to make as if she was going to walk in front of my car,
make an eye contact all this time, like, you know what's going to happen.
I don't know what's going to happen. What are you planning, old lady?
But so my window was rolled down and so I cut around her and like sped off and I was like,
I will end your life!
You said that? I will end your life?
Yeah. As you drove away, you could have just done it.
I know. And I wanted her to know that.
I could have just plowed straight through her and had a great say.
You drove around her but said, I saved you this day, but I will in the future end your life.
Yeah.
What did that lady say at the drive through in that YouTube video when she couldn't get her chicken McNuggets?
You know what I'm talking about?
I will achieve my ultimate form.
You just don't want me to achieve my ultimate form.
It seems like this is now a thing.
I mean, because really you said that in a rage. That's what you said.
I am an ageist. I have a problem with old people.
I will end your life. Not I will run you over. I will kill you.
Fuck off, old lady.
I said fuck you under my breath and then I went into...
I will end your life.
Yeah.
It just feels like we're becoming a society of video games.
No, I'd love to be able to end the lives of the elderly.
I'd love to have the composure to word my outrage like that.
I had no idea what she was planning.
If I was trying to get the attention of a motorist, I would make eye contact and then maybe gesture at them
and maybe mouth a few words, get their attention, you know?
And then once they had my attention, I'd maybe sidle up to the side of the car and maybe say anything at all.
Or, you know, do anything other than walk in front of my car right the second that the light is turning green
without the intent to cross the street. I don't know.
Is it possible she was just kind of like a demented...
Well, that's even worse for me. I want to kill those people too.
Wow.
I got a lot of problems.
Yeah. You're about, I don't know, 70 years too late for that, man.
There was a time.
I know.
I got to catch up.
Let's bring out my betrothed, Erin McGathy.
Erin McGathy!
Thanks for coming, Erin. Erin McGathy, everybody.
Wow.
Short interview.
Allie and Georgia.
Yeah.
I love Allie and Georgia.
I just remember when we were in that restaurant, when we were in the Rustic Inn and I yelled at that guy.
I told that story of the podcast where the guy like yelled at us at the end of a lunch for swearing during lunch.
And I just blurted out.
You mean Tamo Shanta, right?
Yeah. He said, oh yeah, I said Rustic Inn.
He said, he said, if you guys want to talk like you're at a truck stop, why don't you eat at one?
And I just blurted out like, if you want to tell people how to talk, why don't you go back to Germany?
In my most outraged moments, I am not the most articulate.
Do we tell the dog that's not true?
You've been outraged and been overly articulate and decimated people or eviscerated people.
Well, who's the guy that came by in the hat at that big foot lodge?
And we saw him and he had a fedora on and suspenders and he was kind of one of those guys.
He was exactly one of those.
He might have known swing dance.
And actually, I knew him from the old swing dance days.
So there you have it.
But he was like, hey Jeff, I'm so-and-so, I'm so-and-so.
And he kind of like pistol winks and you know, and he moved off and we didn't leave.
And two hours later, he comes by like, you guys still in the same booth?
And I forget what you said, but it was a fucking goodie.
I said, well, count your blessings if it weren't for people like us that didn't move, you wouldn't know.
You'd lose your stripes, Magellan.
But I wasn't mad at him. I just hated him. I wanted him to die.
You weren't mad at him, you just wanted him to know.
I'm in a fight or flight response. I'm not going to be like Jonathan Swift.
It's when I'm in a surly mood.
If I've been drinking and I just want to be left alone and someone comes up to me and does one of those things
where they wave their hand in front of your face because you're not making enough eye contact,
or they say like that guy did, like he implied that I should have been moving more.
I would gladly watch that guy just like descend on a spike onto a bunch of other spikes.
I don't know how torture works, but I hate murder.
I'm in a surly, surly leave me alone mood.
I'm kind of in the mood to get a good session of D&D. Are you guys down for that?
I don't know.
I feel like the last couple, we didn't get shit done.
Oh, dear heavens.
Now we know why.
Aaron, do you have anything to even building up pressure back there?
I'm doing great.
I am enjoying the show so far.
I'm a little distracted by our recent wedding planning.
We're not going to talk about that because we want it to be special, right?
Yeah, yeah. No, we're not going to talk about it.
But backstage I was just talking to our friends and floating on a happy cloud.
So I was listening to the episode, I Love Valley in Georgia, which is enjoying there.
They're all right.
The wedding thing does, it's kind of cool to have to pick seven groomsmen.
It's like when you're a kid picking action figures.
I mean, you guys just got slumber parties and stuff while you were talking about that.
I was thinking about my bachelorette party and what that means and being able to pick people for that.
And like you said, being able to pick bridesmaids and groomsmen.
It's a weird position for like an outcast to be in.
But it's great. It's so fun.
But as far as like building up steam, I've just been right in this high, man.
We went to our wedding venue yesterday and I am still right in that high.
It's going to be good.
Are we going to be the first people to get married that don't almost get divorced during the planning of the wedding?
Are we going to be able to pull this off?
I hope so. Is that a life trope?
It just seems like everyone I've ever talked to when they're planning their wedding.
How involved are you going to be in this planning, Dan?
So far 100%.
I would like to think that everything that I don't care about is stuff that Aaron cares about.
Have you chosen to be very involved or very not involved?
I want it to be a good wedding.
I'm not going to baby out.
I'm not going to go, just tell me where I'm getting married.
And then also complain about everything.
I have a lot of opinions about weddings.
I have gone to a lot of them.
And so I want to make sure the sound system is fucking whip ass.
I don't want to hear a crackle or a fucking hum during those goddamn shitty self-written vows.
I don't want any of this shit that always bugs the fuck out of me when I go to weddings
to bug the fuck out of anybody that goes to my wedding.
So I have a lot of opinions about that stuff.
I don't want to jinx it, but so far...
If I did, it would go a little something.
Like this.
So I mean, I wasn't one of those little girls who dreamed about her wedding, so now as an adult
I'm getting to dream about it from scratch.
But all of my really specific, passionate ideas match with dance.
And I don't feel, you guys will see, it's just going to get weird at our wedding.
But it's all very specific and works with, it's the same as your vision.
So it's all great.
I had a dream about your wedding.
You can't go though, you're not invited.
When is it?
I'm out of town.
I had a dream about your wedding that you would ask me to emcee it, not officiate it.
But to be like the emcee, like kind of bring people up.
And then Dan panicked and just went out there and just started roasting everybody.
And Dan just did a big roast.
And then there was a dolphin playing violin.
So you were there at our session with our wedding planner.
All right.
Spencer, have you been enjoying being my assistant?
Yeah, I feel like I've been slipping lately.
I'm not sure, not sure.
Exactly.
Because I don't need an assistant lately.
Is that what it is?
Yeah, yeah.
So it's been an easy job.
Okay.
You should high five yourself.
It's easy.
Dan doesn't have a house here.
I'm a more alcoholic.
Yeah?
He doesn't have a house here.
I will go get one right now.
I have a copy.
I know.
I also need a, I need my key fob for my Prius replaced.
That's the one that you like hold near the door and then it opens.
What, what are you, an alien?
If that were, no, you have to push a button.
I don't know why I'm so offended by that.
Your car doesn't have a smart key access where it opens up just because it knows your keys are up on here.
Well, it does.
He has to push the button, but if he doesn't have the key fob, it won't work.
Right.
Yeah.
It's, it's, it's fallen apart.
I've, I've, I've dropped it and it's, I need a new one.
All right.
That's something to work on.
Let me write that down.
Yeah.
So now you're a good assistant.
Spencer, do you have any critiques for Dan as an employer?
No, no, you're doing an amazing job.
I think you could stand a gain a few pounds.
I like this guy.
Yeah.
You know what?
You're promoted to senior assistant.
He just became platinum assistant.
Spencer, you ready to roll on this DND?
Yeah, sure.
Let's say we,
How exciting is it to see the Harmon Quest animation?
It's really exciting.
I'm terrified.
I've never, you know, I'm just a fucking guy and now I have this thing.
And now there's a cartoon of you.
Yeah.
That's awesome.
That's pretty incredible.
How do you, how do you feel about that cartoon?
I feel good.
I, I, I looked way too fat originally.
I was like, I'm not saying I'm skinny.
I'm saying I'm tall and fat, not fat.
No, I,
There's a difference.
I had to tell you like, yeah.
Go tell them you're not that fat.
I was like, I made you.
Yeah.
Your character is like an incredibly real tough.
But he's an orc.
Like he's fine.
His character is like six foot seven.
Like, and I was fatter and taller than him.
And I'm six foot four.
So that doesn't make sense, right?
All right.
Meanwhile.
Oh, Larry McGathey.
My animation is sexies.
Fuck.
Yeah.
You're like,
Way sexier than I,
Jessica Rabbit.
Yeah.
And you could note it and be like,
This does not look like her at all.
But instead it's like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Totally in her mind.
That's what, that's what it is.
It's appropriate.
I'm glad you like it.
I love it.
I didn't want it to be like trivialized.
No.
Tribute.
I was like,
Your boobs.
I am.
I am torn.
I am torn in that way.
And I say during the thing I describe myself as,
it was very like busty and skinny.
It's incredibly insulting for every feminist listening.
I'm sure.
And I should also my, my dream also great.
Cause I'm, I'm, I'm marginalizing myself.
I should just disclaim.
I didn't actually like say anything.
They did a great job on their own.
The artists.
Thank you for disclaiming.
Yeah.
I didn't want to have people think that it was my idea.
Well, now that's all we know.
Do we know what this is going to,
would this be visible?
When's this going to be done?
No idea.
That's, that's what's so crazy.
That's what I never would have expected.
Like because, you know, there's people who like wrote a pilot and took it around.
And then they get it shot.
And then they have a pilot in, in the works.
Like I just fell into that.
It's weird.
I feel bad for everybody else.
I'm going to make sure next week, next week's podcast,
we got to have like a civil rights activist on.
It was the last two weeks.
We've talked about how I don't understand women and how fat I'm getting
and how famous we all are.
Just a mental note to myself.
Okay.
That's the wrong sound.
That's right.
Someone who's desalinizing water off the coast of Africa or something.
Just to, just to gain something back that I think we've lost.
And that person just by proxy is a civil rights activist?
No, I'm just riffing lists of possibilities.
Someone special.
Someone, someone humanizing.
When we last met.
Thank you.
Our heroes were down a hole and up a creek, hundreds of feet below the earth.
After landing in the dust, the group spied an approaching hissing skeleton
with orange glowing hands.
His name was Lenev, the rebel.
And he revealed to be, he revealed to the gang that Chris de Burgh was possessed
by dark forces.
The fates would have it.
Lenev was also, also happened to reveal a cure to the heroes.
The mythical, mystical tarragon of virtue.
Then Chris de Burgh started shooting lasers all over the place
and Mulraine had to restrain him,
deftly crafting a, crafting a muscling manacle.
Then Quark took off the muzzle to make out with a possessed robe
which was an admittedly terrible idea.
And in return received a mouth full of vomit.
The appetite sated, the party departed for Tormator, the city of Unshackled Dead.
But who was this mysterious skeleton?
And why did he quickly drop his language of hisses within five minutes of meeting him?
And why did his hands glow with an orange light?
We'll find out next, maybe, probably not, I doubt it.
How drunk were you last week?
I don't, I don't, that's like, that was like, hearing, like, this is what you did.
That's what you sounded like when I was saying it then too, so.
You told Trisha she was a, a racist?
Trisha, who's Trisha?
Do we need a Chris de Burgh up here or are we going to go just to freestyle it with us?
Can I be Chris de Burgh?
Yes, yes.
Sorry folks.
Hey Chris de Burgh, how are you feeling?
Are you still possessed?
No, no, I mean, I'm fine.
I sense, I sense motive on him.
His eyes are glowing with rage.
Okay.
Do we find even untimely?
No, no, we're going to leave you, you vomit it out of my mouth, man.
Yeah.
Where do we find this tarragon of, of, of, of virtue?
That's a weird thing to ask me, the person who's afflicted by it.
Okay.
I, I, I asked the game, I asked the game master, because I forgot.
Did he say where the tarragon of virtue lay?
No, he said he'd take you to the bone sages.
Uh, uh, Lenev, the rebel speaks up.
I'm taking you to the bone sages now.
All right, we'll follow you.
You'll recall.
Fantastic.
Yeah.
Let's, let's go to the bone sages.
That sounds good.
All right.
As you trek through the dusty gray darkness, you're reminded of the hazy monochromatic
look of the monochromatic look of the shadow plane.
Ah.
Remember this?
Remember this fellas?
By several dark gray pillars and massive curved bones stab out of the ground like teeth.
The old shadow plane.
It's funny.
It's funny when you come to call home when you've been so far.
Ain't that the truth?
I never thought I'd miss the shadow plane.
And they're all we've been through.
It's just good to be back in the shadow plane.
Oh, so we're walking with a skeleton?
I don't know what the fuck.
I swear to God.
Like last week, I was just, I just, I don't know what happened.
It wasn't, it wasn't along, it wasn't along.
Tell me about the bone sages.
Who are they?
Oh, the bone sages.
They, they, they, they see the future.
They know stuff.
They're like, you know, normal, non-bone sages.
Why, why is people, dude, advisors?
They advise the magister of Tormod Tor.
Are they, are they nearby?
They're pretty nearby.
We're getting close now.
Okay, cool.
Thank you, Lenev.
I take Quirk aside.
Who's Lenev?
When did we meet her?
Is it, is she?
I don't know what.
He, or I would say, he was a hissing skeleton that had orange glowing hands that came out.
Hissing skeleton, orange glowing hands.
Yes.
And then he stopped hissing and he started speaking.
And, and just, here to help us.
Yeah, he's, I look, I was there too, baby.
Okay.
Hey, man.
I was just saying that, you know, I'm a skeleton, but I'm not a bad guy.
But there's skeletons down here that are bad guys.
For sure.
How do we know that we can trust you, Lenev?
I mean, I haven't eaten your faces.
Oh, nor have you tried.
In which case you would invoke my fucking rage.
That's learned was impossible.
Sharpie, sharpie, sharpie.
No, no, no.
I just want to make that clear.
I've run into too many people on this quest who have implied that they have power over me.
Nobody does.
I've been stomped by an ice giant.
And I'm here, motherfucker.
You eat my face.
You eat it.
You were so much more pleasant just five minutes ago.
He had a cup of coffee.
I'm confused.
You're thankful that I'm your friend.
Sharpie.
Not the other way around.
You're lucky.
Sharpie.
When was luck invoked?
I just said I didn't attack you this time.
Sharpie, just because you don't remember what happened five minutes ago doesn't make it his fault.
Lenev.
Okay, okay.
I take Lenore aside.
Can I take Lenore aside?
Lenev.
Lenore.
Listen.
Fucking alcoholics.
I'm going to tell you something that I don't feel like I can tell other people.
Nope.
I'm an alcoholic.
And it comes with all kinds of behaviors that...
I'm sorry.
That's okay.
But don't fuck with me.
Don't assert dominance over me.
What is dominance?
What you...
You just implied a minute ago that I'm fortunate that you haven't eaten my face.
Don't fucking deny it.
No, I...
He didn't categorically deny that.
He didn't imply that you were lucky.
He said, how do I know you were on our side?
He goes, because if I weren't, I might eat your face.
How many?
Okay, well, I just want to correct that.
If you weren't, you would try to eat my face.
Astrosk, you'd fail.
As so many have before.
Because I'm a fucking badass.
Because this is the game and not real life.
Sharpie, let's...
Sharpie, let's put this to the test and torment of terror.
As we go in search of the Tarragona virtue to save Christopher Berg from his possession.
What?
Just...
Just nod and go, all right, all right, okay.
I was drunk last week and I'm sorry.
You know what?
I won't lie.
I'm a little drunk this week.
It's not helping.
No.
I'm sober.
What's your name?
Lenore?
Lenev.
Okay, just like...
Let's both be thankful that we're friends.
Fucking Sharpie, leave it.
No one's fucking leave it.
No one's benefiting.
Who's talking about thankfulness or friendship?
Are we still walking while this is happening?
Are we...
Are we living while this is happening?
This is like that Justin Bieber shit.
You got all bent out of shape because they went to his house because he ate people.
Somebody implies that...
Oh, here's how you know if I wasn't your friend.
Your face would be...
Hey, how many zombies that have been your friend did bit you in the face upon meeting you?
None.
Yeah.
Because none of those zombies were your friends.
I approached Sharpie and I used my fingers to do like the walking up spider motion up
his arm to his shoulder.
I slap it away.
I'm just saying, I just want to clarify, here's where our culture gap is.
I really thought we were...
In movies.
I start eating dirt.
You know what else to do.
What is that term for that condition where you want to eat dirt and rocks?
Pika.
Micah?
I have pika.
So I start eating dirt and rocks.
It's a badass thing to say in movies that somebody goes like,
if I wanted to kill you, you'd already be dead.
That's how I interpret it.
I am a person.
I'm okay.
Don't eat dirt.
All right.
Okay.
I stop her from eating dirt.
Mommy, daddy, in the sand.
Don't eat dirt.
I walk off with Lenev in the direction of tour mode of tour.
Okay.
Don't eat dirt.
I leave them...
I want to get some shit done today.
Well...
I want to get into some combat.
I want to fucking...
I want to fucking fuck...
I sing an original song called Don't Eat Dirt.
It's awesome.
Sing it.
Take my word for it.
Well, it doesn't matter.
If he rolls, then it's awesome.
No.
You'll sing it.
If I like it, it's awesome.
Don't eat dirt.
Don't munch gravel.
For your hurt, can you now unravel?
If you take my hand in yours, you don't need minerals
or ores to put on your gullet.
Take that bullet and bite it and take my hand.
But I'm afraid.
And anyways, it's awesome.
No matter what you roll.
Now you can't.
So now we...
Now we...
Dan, we just revealed our vows.
Blibber and wait up.
Blibber.
The nev.
The face eater.
Don't eat my face.
I run up to Quirk and I'm also trying to stay on task.
Okay.
Just promise me you won't eat my face.
He never said he was going to, man.
He said I would know if we weren't friends
because he would eat my face.
He said, did I try to eat your face?
He didn't say it did you, is your face eating?
He said, how do I know you on our side?
Have I tried to eat your face?
By the way, why are you on his side?
Because he's been...
I asked him, are we on your side?
He goes, have I tried to eat your face?
And you don't know?
It's a very common undead activity to eat your face.
Very normal among them.
Okay.
I just had a curiosity.
Like I pull the nev aside and I go, okay, the nev.
Sharpie's being...
He's in one of his episodes right now.
Go up there and try to eat his face.
I lay down.
I lay down with my hands under my back.
And I go, here's my face.
Let's pretend, hey, fuck your mother.
We're not friends.
I want to go through the motions you'd go through.
Chris de Burgh vomits acid on your face.
What?
Chris de Burgh, the possessed rogue.
Dealing how much vomit damage.
He's been tied up.
I still vomit.
French speakers, does nev mean dream?
What does nev mean?
Oh, nev doesn't mean anything.
You're drunk.
Okay, so there's vomit on my face?
Yeah, that's great.
Well, why'd you get down on the floor and threaten things to happen to you?
To make a point.
To assert dominance.
Did you make your point?
No, you did.
Okay, fine, I get up and I follow Laverne.
La-nev.
La-nev, are we close to the torment?
I stopped walking to see all this happen.
Yeah, I'm sure we're really close.
I'm sure we're right at the precipice of...
Can we compress time and be there?
I mean, we could have done that five minutes ago.
Let's do it now.
We do it now.
Okay, but if during any of that time...
Jesus Christ.
Compress it.
Hey, I turn to Sharpie, go Sharpie.
Look, you're on edge right now, but I say harness that energy, harness that rage, because
we might need it for what's coming up.
Okay.
I don't like people telling me...
He didn't say anything.
Do you think there are any kids who listen to Harmontown and they first heard about
Dungeons and Dragons or Pathfinder via Harmontown, and they're playing and then they all
tell each other, no, no, you're not drunk enough.
And they go into their parents' liquor cabinet or they start drinking Drano, but it was like
this isn't real yet.
You have to play, you have to be black out drunk to play.
There's an explicit label.
What if Justin Bieber and his friends were playing D&D or they started larping and the
eggs are part of it, like they are.
They're casting spells in their eggs.
I guess he's a Justin Bieber.
I cast Egg of Doom.
You know that Justin Bieber's larping is like, I go to the grocery store.
I buy fruity pebbles.
I go home.
Team Bieber.
I believe the Constitution's intact.
I believe in the Constitutional right to protect you from search and seizure.
I couldn't hit the high note.
All right, Spencer, keep it going, baby.
What?
Spencer, I attack the affinefus.
You miss.
Keep what going?
I'm sorry, let's get back on track.
I'm sorry.
Get back on track?
Let's get on track.
No, that makes no sense.
I've been trying.
I have been trying.
Some of I, I'm fucking role playing when somebody says they're going to eat my face.
He didn't say he was going to eat your face.
Dude, this is being recorded.
Everyone on Reddit is going to agree with me.
No, they're not.
The way that that skeleton talked to me was unacceptable.
I said, are you friends?
There's a live audience of sober people who heard just what I heard.
He said, if I wasn't your friend, I'd be eating your face.
No, he did not say that.
It's not what he said.
That's what he said.
No, that's what you heard because you're a fucking paranoid lunatic.
He said, if I wasn't your friend, I'd be eating your face.
No, he didn't say that.
That's not what he said.
I said, I've told you four times what he said.
What did he say?
I said, can we trust you?
He said, how do we know we can trust you?
He said, have I tried to eat your face?
That's the same thing!
Fine.
I don't accept that socially.
You're a fucking crazy person.
Hey man, can you park my car?
Sure, I'll park your car.
Is the valet an undead monstrosity?
He's separating himself from the other undead people
who would absolutely try to eat your face.
Hey bartender, can I have a drink?
Is the bartender an undead monstrosity?
Yeah, I'll get you a drink.
Hey, you're working this shift, right?
Hey, I'm not stabbing you in the throat, am I?
Is he wrong?
No, you're not.
But fucking try, motherfucker.
What the fuck?
Where is he right now?
He's trying to stab me.
Why are you so defensive?
What the fuck?
What?
Maybe we should talk about gender neutrality.
Everybody's on your side.
Dan, everybody, Sharpie, everybody's on your team right now.
Take it easy.
Fucking have a sip of water, fucking take it, take a couple breaths.
Nobody's out to get you right now.
No, no, everybody is because I went to them and they all booed.
I don't understand the society where someone could threaten to eat your face.
He threatened you, he didn't threaten to eat your face.
We're staying here until midnight tonight, by the way.
We don't, we don't, we don't go home.
We play D&D until this shit is fucking, like, settled.
Can we have, Dustin, can you put, do we have live playback?
No, don't, don't.
I know what you said, I agree with what you said.
He said, I'm, fuck it, god damn it.
It's a great idea for a new t-shirt, we don't go home.
I think you're on an edge about this whole Justin Bieber thing,
but that's not the root of it.
The root of it is that you feel that the world is closing in on you.
No, just Spencer's point, because he's an undead maniac,
I'm supposed to accept threats from him, but guess what?
I'm, I'm Sharpie.
I've been stomped by giants.
I didn't take shit from them and I don't take shit from anybody.
He didn't give me any shit.
He gave me shit, he fucking said that he has the freedom to eat my face.
You're being a fucking weirdo.
So, Neve, Neve, what is our, we're going to meet these other guys, yeah?
We're trying to help Chris de Burgh get un-possessed, I think.
All right.
All right, LeVern?
LeNev.
Uh, forward.
And hey, just so you know, I'm happy to be with you right now.
Exhibit A, I'm not stabbing you in the face.
That's how you know we're friends.
Let's hang out.
Dan, you're behaving like a monstrosity right now.
I guess that's what I am.
I guess you should take it as a compliment.
Can I summon Coco the horse?
Yeah, she's been here.
Okay, I hop on top of her.
Quirk, Sharpie, would you like to hop on top of my horse?
Yes, I hop on the back of the horse.
Of course I'd love to hop on your horse.
You know how you know.
Here we go.
Jesus Christ.
I'm not cutting a tart out and roasting it over a fire.
Kinda weird.
More than you're right on your horse.
Social, socially acceptable exchange.
I hop on your horse.
He's a giant skeleton with glowing hands.
Why do you expect it to be hands?
We're all on Coco and we're falling here at this point.
He hasn't.
I'm worried about Sharpie right now.
Yeah.
Alright, so it's so advanced, LeNev.
No, this is all fucked up now.
This guy's being a real dick.
I'm just trying to help you.
I get off the horse.
I go up to him.
What?
What do you mean, what?
Who's being a real dick?
You were threatening to stab me in the face just now.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Interesting.
That's weird.
Transitive property.
Fuck you!
Don't eat my face!
I will be friends with you.
Friends don't throw shit like that
out into the air.
You don't go to a party.
People don't do that.
Well, friends or enemies.
Enemies have, like, dtente
where they go like, I'm keeping my eye on you
and I might eat your face.
Friends are fucking friends.
You bony dick.
You don't fucking do that shit.
But you...
He, he, he, he...
He stabs you in the face.
He stabs you!
Please be a 20.
No, no, he doesn't.
He lunges at you, though.
With his glowing hands.
Sharpie's our friend.
I've never said anything about it being friends.
I said I'd take you to tour my tour.
Everyone's being a douchebag to me.
I'm reverting to my, my, my baser instincts.
This is happening.
Is he saying all this while he's missing me?
Yeah.
He has plenty of time.
Sharpie, he's gonna help us to leave it.
I'm gonna help him.
In ways that he would have never imagined.
Perhaps this is a totally inappropriate moment for this,
but I'm so happy that we're getting married.
Christopher's head spins around,
vomiting all the way 360 degrees.
He's tied up, and it doesn't matter.
Like a fountain.
Okay.
I dodge.
Obviously, he missed me.
He sure did.
And I say to him,
and I want you to know that I have the skill of...
Impulse.
I say to him,
look, let's not fight.
You initiated, literally,
the last 20 minutes of fighting.
You started fighting, that's how fights get perpetuated.
What sort of schizophrenic shit...
Are you gonna stab me in the face, man?
I'm not the one attacking people.
Yes, you are!
What?
I didn't do shit, man!
You've been fucking antagonizing everything.
No, I'm not spending a turn explaining to my supposed friend
how this fucking...
Supposed friend?
Yeah, well...
I'm trying to keep you alive.
Take a skeleton side a couple more times.
Fucking weird.
Laverne?
Laverne.
I'm cool if you're cool.
It's Laverne!
Cliffhanger!
What?
Thank you for coming to Harmontown, everybody.
We almost got something done in D&D.
Thank you, Erin McGathy, Spencer Crittenden,
Allian Georgia, everyone here for coming.
I'm Jeff Davis, your cop-troller.
Go on the internet and discuss
whether that was an appropriate way to respond to someone.
I'm your friend because I'm not eating your face.
Is that an appropriate way to talk to somebody?
It's up to you.
Dan Harmon, everybody!